The perception subsystem, processes data from sensors into
structured information that can eventually be used for path planning or control.
This is where most of the vehicles analysis of the environment takes place.
So we can think of the perception subsystem as
the vehicle center of understanding about its environment.
Broadly speaking, we can further divide the perception subsystem itself
into two underlying subsystems; detection and localization.
The localization subsystem is responsible for using
sensor and map data to determine the vehicle's precise location.
The detection subsystem is responsible for understanding the surrounding environment.
This subsystem includes software components such as; lane detection,
traffic sign and traffic light detection classification,
object detection and tracking and free space detection.
Each component of the perception subsystem relies on a different group of sensors.
Let's look at how the sensor subsystem and the perception subsystem are connected.